get your action congress set complete
with puppet government terrorize your
own people with imminent threats to
their survival manipulate the press and
reduce them to horn honking idiots
collect blind date reattach build a
secret base and use military force to
impose his chronic control and protect
neck anomic penetration trained
mercenaries he would have to sacrifice
at all to fight against those who hate
freedom
generate anxiety then drug the children
distract them with pornography stuff
your missiles with depleted uranium in
psych warm of guerrilla war we're
running for the hills get discussed
right
lets it split the resources
you
Oh